OK so here I have my windows device.
And as you can see I cannot login without a password so the computer is locked.
Now I'm going to try to log in without a password.
I'm just going to hit enter.
And as you can see I can't log in without a password.
I'm also going to try to put in a lot random password and try to log in.
And again as you can see I can't log in without a password or with a random password.
So what I'm going to do now is use the Android device that we use set up and the previous video to boot
from or to use it as a bootable conduit.
I'm going to connect it using the US mistake right here.
So I'm going to connect it to the target device.
Then I'm going to restart the device.
And when it starts I'm going to go on the BIOS setup menu and make sure that it is set up to boot from
us.
So I'm going to press you on this device on or on this laptop.
It's you have to press to two iTunes devices.
No it's different from computer to computer.
I'm going to navigate to the boot options as you can see here.
And I've already done this.
I've moved the USP of all the way to the top.
Now depending on the computer again sometimes you use the plus and minus to move options to the top
on this computer.
I have to use six to move it to the top.
So it is already set up to boot from US v and I'm going to exit this BIOS and it should now boot from
or using Can good use in the image that is stored on my Android device.
So as you can see there conduit is booting up
and it should allow me to log into that Windows computer without a password and without modifying the
passwords for existing users.
So when I restarted the user should be able to log in with their own passwords.
Now again I'm being asked for the password but this time I'm going to log in without that it is you
think I'm just going to hit enter.
As you can see I was able to log in to the computer without a password even though before we used to
convert we had to use or we couldn't log in without a password.
But now I was able to log into the computer without a password and I can use the computer now.
Moronic rhinovirus run a backdoor a key log or whatever you want to do.
So it's a really useful tool to use if you're doing any physical hacking or if you have a physical access
to a computer because in many situations you would have a system or you'd have a computer that you can
access.
The user is not there but they have their computer shut down or they have it they loved out of that
computer.
Now what I want to show you I'm just going to restart again and I'll show you that once you restart
you want to be able to log in without a password and the passwords for the existing users will not be
modified.
So the user will be able to log in with their old password so they won't know that someone hacked into
their account or do something with it.
So again I booted up again but without using computer I'm going to try to log in without a password.
And as you can see I can't log in I'm going to put my old password so the user password
and as you can see I will be able to log in and the password was not modified.